README.md, before:

# Obsidian Checklist Reset

This plugin adds a command to reset the state of any checklists in a document in Obsidian.

## Usage

This plugin adds the following commanfs to the Command Palette:

| Command name     | Description                                              |
|------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| Reset checklists | Uncheck all checked checklist items in the open document.|
| Check all        | Check all unchecked checklist items in the open document.|

### Settings

**Delete text on reset**

If this value is set with a string or a Regular Expression, any text in the checklist item line that matches it will be
removed when reset. This can be useful for stripping metadata, like that generated by the [Obisidian Tasks plugin](https://github.com/obsidian-tasks-group/obsidian-tasks).

## Development

### Deploying

- Update version in package.json, manifest.json, and versions.json
- Create release in Github
- Build app and attach `main.js` and `manifest.json` to release.

### Developing locally

1. `npm run dev`
2. `mv ~/Obsidian/Personal/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js ~/Obsidian/Personal/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js.bak`
3. `ln -s ~/Documents/Development/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js ~/Obsidian/Personal/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js`
4. Reload plugin in Obsidian

To revert:

1. `rm ~/Obsidian/Personal/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js`
2. `mv ~/Obsidian/Personal/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js.bak ~/Obsidian/Personal/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-checklist-reset/main.js`

Commit message:

Add support for Canvas and resetting selections
This adds support for resetting checklist items in Canvas notes,
as well as only resetting selected checklist items in both Canvas
and Markdown notes.

In regards to Canvas support, it's not a format I've really used, so I'm
potentially missing some node types. I've implemented support for Text
and File nodes. One annoyance with the file node support is that the
edit cannot be undone, as it directly edits the file in the vault. I'm
not sure if there's a better approach — I couldn't find anything in the
docs on how to edit an unopened file in a reversible way.

For resetting selected checklists, I couldn't find an appropriate way to
do so in preview mode for Markdown notes, so I've opted to not add it.
The problem is that while I can get the text selection in Preview Mode,
it's not the raw Markdown being selected, so I would need to map the
rendered selection to the source Markdown and I'm worried that doing
so might lead to inadvertently changing text that isn't selected. Editor
mode provides a more robust API for selection (i.e. start and end indices
of the selected text).

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Checklist Reset

This plugin adds a command to reset the state of any checklists in a document in Obsidian. It will currently
work for Markdown and Canvas files.

## Usage

This plugin adds the following commands to the Command Palette:

| Command name              | Description                                                             |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Reset checklists          | Uncheck all checked checklist items in the open document.               |
| Check all                 | Check all unchecked checklist items in the open document.               |
| Reset selected checklists | Uncheck the selected checklist items. Only available in editor mode.    |

### Settings

**Delete text on reset**

If this value is set with a string or a Regular Expression, any text in the checklist item line that matches it will be
removed when reset. This can be useful for stripping metadata, like that generated by the [Obisidian Tasks plugin](https://github.com/obsidian-tasks-group/obsidian-tasks).
